awesome.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Awesome"
disqus_identifier: "awesome"
description: "my small collection of awesome"
header-img: img/headers/stock/wood.jpg
order: 4
---

There's a bunch of projects that make my life a whole lot better. I can only
preach about them to my friends so much, so here's some links to spread the word
otherwise.

### Todoist

[Todoist](https://todoist.com/r/jacek_krolikowski_ohbkpp) (warning, reflink)
is quickly becoming my favourite personal task management system. It's
simple, powerful and cross-platform. I tried many similar apps before
but this seems to be the version that feels the best day to day.

### Workfowy

[Workfowy](https://workflowy.com/invite/2148a9f5.emlx) (warning, reflink again)
is an amazingly simple, yet powerful lists notebook (?). The lists
can be arbitrarily nested, the items can be (un)completed back and forth and
the whole thing works brilliantly both on web or on mobile, with offline
synchronization. All quick and dirty plans go on there.

### 1Password

[1Password](https://1password.com/) is the password manager I use ever since
I abandoned LastPass after they locked me out of my acount for a day or so.
It integrates beautifully with OSX and alright with Windows. I might consider
switching to [Bitwarden](https://bitwarden.com/) at one point in time, but
I'm verry happy with it for now.

### Spotify

Spotify is the best thing since sliced bread and I've been subscribed to the
paid version for as long as I've been able to. Almost all of the music I might
want and beautiful social/playlist management.
[Have](https://open.spotify.com/user/nietaki/playlist/5EHJYv5cK5tqXwSj9CMXmz)
[a](https://open.spotify.com/user/nietaki/playlist/1waPh7U4HMJSgZ2M3XWQ5L)
[taste](https://open.spotify.com/user/nietaki/playlist/6h5WGhoFCkrmy3cGMGSGqF)
 of my playlists :D

### Spacemacs

[Spacemacs](http://spacemacs.org/) is a weird beast. It feels like vim, is
built on Emacs and comes bundled with clever, community-driven configuration.
It requires 
[**a lot more** configuration](https://github.com/nietaki/dotty-dotfiles/blob/master/files/.spacemacs)
and getting used to, the learning curve
is a lot like that of EVE Online, but when the dust settles it's
the most comprehensive editor for people who don't like to use their mouse too
much.

![EVE Online learning curve](/img/learning_curve.png)
(yes, the axis on this image don't completely make sense)

### Dash
[Dash](https://kapeli.com/dash) is a universal API documentation browser.
It comes with hundreds (!) of docsets, for both language core libraries and
third-party libraries, all under one convenient UI. It's only available
for OSX, but the author 
[worked with other developers](https://blog.kapeli.com/dash-for-ios-android-windows-or-linux)
to provide alternatives for other platforms.

You might not think like it's much different from googling code and
bookmarking a handful of api docs pages, but from my experience it really is.

### Death to Stock

[Death to Stock Photo](https://deathtothestockphoto.com/) is a newsletter that
sends out some beautiful, ryalty-free images to people every once in a while,
Some of the backgrund images on this blog (including the one in this post)
have been taken from them.

Commit message:

Update some pages. Keep the about page cringy :S

awesome.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Awesome"
disqus_identifier: "awesome"
description: "my small collection of awesome"
header-img: img/headers/stock/wood.jpg
order: 4
---

There's a bunch of projects that make my life a whole lot better. I can only
preach about them to my friends so much, so here's some links to spread the word
otherwise.

### Todoist

[Todoist](https://todoist.com/r/jacek_krolikowski_ohbkpp) (warning, reflink)
is quickly becoming my favourite personal task management system. It's
simple, powerful and cross-platform. I tried many similar apps before
but this seems to be the version that feels the best day to day.

### Workfowy

[Workfowy](https://workflowy.com/invite/2148a9f5.emlx) (warning, reflink again)
is an amazingly simple, yet powerful lists notebook (?). The lists
can be arbitrarily nested, the items can be (un)completed back and forth and
the whole thing works brilliantly both on web or on mobile, with offline
synchronization. All quick and dirty plans go on there.

### 1Password

[1Password](https://1password.com/) is the password manager I use ever since
I abandoned LastPass after they locked me out of my acount for a day or so.
It integrates beautifully with OSX, alright with Windows and good enough 
just in a browser under Linux.

### Spotify

Spotify is the best thing since sliced bread and I've been subscribed to the
paid version for as long as I've been able to. Almost all of the music I might
want and beautiful social/playlist management.
[Have](https://open.spotify.com/user/nietaki/playlist/5EHJYv5cK5tqXwSj9CMXmz)
[a](https://open.spotify.com/user/nietaki/playlist/1waPh7U4HMJSgZ2M3XWQ5L)
[taste](https://open.spotify.com/user/nietaki/playlist/6h5WGhoFCkrmy3cGMGSGqF)
 of my playlists :D

### NeoVim

After more than a year of trying to make [Spacemacs](http://spacemacs.org/)
work for me (with a very convoluted configuration and it crashing on me
all the time) I decided to give (Neo)Vim a try and couldn't be happier.

I wrote my [config](https://github.com/nietaki/dotty-dotfiles/tree/master/files)
from scratch with the help of some plugins from 
[VimAwesome](https://github.com/nietaki/dotty-dotfiles/tree/master/files).
Now I have a nice IDE-like setup with most of the Spacemacs workflows that
got me addicted to it and only about 5% of its headache.

### Dash
[Dash](https://kapeli.com/dash) is a universal API documentation browser.
It comes with hundreds (!) of docsets, for both language core libraries and
third-party libraries, all under one convenient UI. It's only available
for OSX, but the author 
[worked with other developers](https://blog.kapeli.com/dash-for-ios-android-windows-or-linux)
to provide alternatives for other platforms.

You might not think like it's much different from googling code and
bookmarking a handful of api docs pages, but from my experience it really is.

### Death to Stock

[Death to Stock Photo](https://deathtothestockphoto.com/) is a newsletter that
sends out some beautiful, ryalty-free images to people every once in a while,
Some of the backgrund images on this blog (including the one in this post)
have been taken from them.
